now the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
now the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when a man consecrates by a vow certain
a man consecrates by a vow certain
a man consecrates by a vow certain persons to the Lord according to your
persons to the Lord according to your
persons to the Lord according to your valuation if your valuation is of a male
valuation if your valuation is of a male
valuation if your valuation is of a male from 20 years old up to 60 years old
from 20 years old up to 60 years old
from 20 years old up to 60 years old then your valuation shall be 50 shekels
then your valuation shall be 50 shekels
then your valuation shall be 50 shekels of silver according to the shekel of the
of silver according to the shekel of the
of silver according to the shekel of the century if it is a female then your
century if it is a female then your
century if it is a female then your valuation shall be 30 shekels and if
valuation shall be 30 shekels and if
valuation shall be 30 shekels and if from five years old up to 20 years old
from five years old up to 20 years old
from five years old up to 20 years old then your valuation for a male shall be
then your valuation for a male shall be
then your valuation for a male shall be 20 shekels and for a female 10 shekels
20 shekels and for a female 10 shekels
20 shekels and for a female 10 shekels and if from a month old up to five years
and if from a month old up to five years
and if from a month old up to five years old then your valuation for a male shall
old then your valuation for a male shall
old then your valuation for a male shall be five shekels of silver and for a
be five shekels of silver and for a
be five shekels of silver and for a female your valuation shall be three
female your valuation shall be three
female your valuation shall be three shekels of silver and if from 60 years
shekels of silver and if from 60 years
shekels of silver and if from 60 years old and above if it is a male then your
old and above if it is a male then your
old and above if it is a male then your valuation shall be fifteen shettles and
valuation shall be fifteen shettles and
valuation shall be fifteen shettles and for a female tenured shekels but if he
for a female tenured shekels but if he
for a female tenured shekels but if he is too poor to pay your valuation then
is too poor to pay your valuation then
is too poor to pay your valuation then he shall present himself before the
he shall present himself before the
he shall present himself before the priest and the priest shall set a value
priest and the priest shall set a value
priest and the priest shall set a value for him according to the ability of him
for him according to the ability of him
for him according to the ability of him who vowed the priest shall value him if
who vowed the priest shall value him if
who vowed the priest shall value him if it is an animal that men may bring as an
it is an animal that men may bring as an
it is an animal that men may bring as an offering to the Lord all that anyone
offering to the Lord all that anyone
offering to the Lord all that anyone gives to the Lord shall be holy he shall
gives to the Lord shall be holy he shall
gives to the Lord shall be holy he shall not substitute it or exchange it good
not substitute it or exchange it good
not substitute it or exchange it good for bad or bad for good
for bad or bad for good
for bad or bad for good and if he at all exchanges animal for
and if he at all exchanges animal for
and if he at all exchanges animal for animal then both it and the one
animal then both it and the one
animal then both it and the one exchanged for it shall be holy if it is
exchanged for it shall be holy if it is
exchanged for it shall be holy if it is an unclean animal which they do not
an unclean animal which they do not
an unclean animal which they do not offer as a sacrifice to the Lord then he
offer as a sacrifice to the Lord then he
offer as a sacrifice to the Lord then he shall present the animal before the
shall present the animal before the
shall present the animal before the priest and the priest shall set a value
priest and the priest shall set a value
priest and the priest shall set a value for it whether it is good or bad as
for it whether it is good or bad as
for it whether it is good or bad as you'll the priest value it so it shall
you'll the priest value it so it shall
you'll the priest value it so it shall be but if he once at all to redeem it
be but if he once at all to redeem it
be but if he once at all to redeem it then he must add one-fifth to your
then he must add one-fifth to your
then he must add one-fifth to your valuation and when a man dedicates his
valuation and when a man dedicates his
valuation and when a man dedicates his house to be a holy to the Lord
house to be a holy to the Lord
house to be a holy to the Lord then the priest shall set a value for it
then the priest shall set a value for it
then the priest shall set a value for it whether it is good or bad as the priest
whether it is good or bad as the priest
whether it is good or bad as the priest values it so it shall stand
values it so it shall stand
values it so it shall stand if he who dedicated it wants to redeem
if he who dedicated it wants to redeem
if he who dedicated it wants to redeem his house then he must add 1/5 of the
his house then he must add 1/5 of the
his house then he must add 1/5 of the money of your valuation to it and it
money of your valuation to it and it
money of your valuation to it and it shall be his if a man dedicates to the
shall be his if a man dedicates to the
shall be his if a man dedicates to the Lord part of a field of his position
Lord part of a field of his position
Lord part of a field of his position then your valuation shall be according
then your valuation shall be according
then your valuation shall be according to the seed for it a Homer of barley
to the seed for it a Homer of barley
to the seed for it a Homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of
seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of
seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver if he dedicates his field from
silver if he dedicates his field from
silver if he dedicates his field from the year of Jubilee according to your
the year of Jubilee according to your
the year of Jubilee according to your valuation it shall stand but if he
valuation it shall stand but if he
valuation it shall stand but if he dedicates his field after the Jubilee
dedicates his field after the Jubilee
dedicates his field after the Jubilee then the priest shall reckon to him the
then the priest shall reckon to him the
then the priest shall reckon to him the money do according to the years that
money do according to the years that
money do according to the years that remain till the year of Jubilee and it
remain till the year of Jubilee and it
remain till the year of Jubilee and it shall be deducted from your valuation
shall be deducted from your valuation
shall be deducted from your valuation and if he who dedicates the field ever
and if he who dedicates the field ever
and if he who dedicates the field ever wishes to redeem it
wishes to redeem it
wishes to redeem it then he must add one-fifth of the money
then he must add one-fifth of the money
then he must add one-fifth of the money of your valuation to it and it shall
of your valuation to it and it shall
of your valuation to it and it shall belong to him but if he does not want to
belong to him but if he does not want to
belong to him but if he does not want to redeem the field or if he has sold the
redeem the field or if he has sold the
redeem the field or if he has sold the field to another man it shall not be
field to another man it shall not be
field to another man it shall not be redeemed any more but the field when it
redeemed any more but the field when it
redeemed any more but the field when it is released in the Jubilee shall be holy
is released in the Jubilee shall be holy
is released in the Jubilee shall be holy to the Lord as a devoted field it shall
to the Lord as a devoted field it shall
to the Lord as a devoted field it shall be the possession of the priest and if a
be the possession of the priest and if a
be the possession of the priest and if a man dedicates to the Lord a field which
man dedicates to the Lord a field which
man dedicates to the Lord a field which he has bought which is not the field of
he has bought which is not the field of
he has bought which is not the field of his possession then the priest shall
his possession then the priest shall
his possession then the priest shall reckon to him the worth of your
reckon to him the worth of your
reckon to him the worth of your valuation up to the year of Jubilee and
valuation up to the year of Jubilee and
valuation up to the year of Jubilee and he shall give your valuation on that day
he shall give your valuation on that day
he shall give your valuation on that day as a holy offering to the Lord
as a holy offering to the Lord
as a holy offering to the Lord in the year of Jubilee the field shall
in the year of Jubilee the field shall
in the year of Jubilee the field shall return to him from whom it was bought to
return to him from whom it was bought to
return to him from whom it was bought to the one who owned the land as a
the one who owned the land as a
the one who owned the land as a possession and all your valuations shall
possession and all your valuations shall
possession and all your valuations shall be according to the shekel of the
be according to the shekel of the
be according to the shekel of the sanctuary 20 garre's to the shekel but
sanctuary 20 garre's to the shekel but
sanctuary 20 garre's to the shekel but the firstborn of the animals which
the firstborn of the animals which
the firstborn of the animals which should be the Lord's firstborn no man
should be the Lord's firstborn no man
should be the Lord's firstborn no man shall dedicate whether it is an ox or
shall dedicate whether it is an ox or
shall dedicate whether it is an ox or sheep it is the Lord's and if it is an
sheep it is the Lord's and if it is an
sheep it is the Lord's and if it is an unclean animal then he shall redeem it
unclean animal then he shall redeem it
unclean animal then he shall redeem it according to your valuation and shall
according to your valuation and shall
according to your valuation and shall add one-fifth to it or if it is not
add one-fifth to it or if it is not
add one-fifth to it or if it is not redeemed then it shall be sold according
redeemed then it shall be sold according
redeemed then it shall be sold according to your valuation nevertheless no
to your valuation nevertheless no
to your valuation nevertheless no devoted offering that a man may devote
devoted offering that a man may devote
devoted offering that a man may devote to the Lord of all that he has both man
to the Lord of all that he has both man
to the Lord of all that he has both man and beast or the field of his possession
and beast or the field of his possession
and beast or the field of his possession shall be sold or redeemed every devoted
shall be sold or redeemed every devoted
shall be sold or redeemed every devoted offering is most holy to the Lord no
offering is most holy to the Lord no
offering is most holy to the Lord no person under the ban who may become
person under the ban who may become
person under the ban who may become doomed to destruction among men shall be
doomed to destruction among men shall be
doomed to destruction among men shall be redeemed but shall surely be put to
redeemed but shall surely be put to
redeemed but shall surely be put to death and all the tithes of the land
death and all the tithes of the land
death and all the tithes of the land whether of the seed of the land or of
whether of the seed of the land or of
whether of the seed of the land or of the fruit of the tree is the Lord's it
the fruit of the tree is the Lord's it
the fruit of the tree is the Lord's it is holy to the Lord if a man wants at
is holy to the Lord if a man wants at
is holy to the Lord if a man wants at all to redeem any of his tithes he shall
all to redeem any of his tithes he shall
all to redeem any of his tithes he shall add one-fifth to it and concerning the
add one-fifth to it and concerning the
add one-fifth to it and concerning the tithe of the herd or the flock of
tithe of the herd or the flock of
tithe of the herd or the flock of whatever passes under the rod the tenth
whatever passes under the rod the tenth
whatever passes under the rod the tenth one shall be holy to
one shall be holy to
one shall be holy to and he shall not inquire whether it is
and he shall not inquire whether it is
and he shall not inquire whether it is good or bad nor shall he exchange it and
good or bad nor shall he exchange it and
good or bad nor shall he exchange it and if he exchanges it at all then both it
if he exchanges it at all then both it
if he exchanges it at all then both it and the one exchanged for it shall be
and the one exchanged for it shall be
and the one exchanged for it shall be holy it shall not be redeemed these are
holy it shall not be redeemed these are
holy it shall not be redeemed these are the commandments which the LORD
the commandments which the LORD
the commandments which the LORD commanded Moses for the children of
commanded Moses for the children of
commanded Moses for the children of Israel on Mount Sinai
Israel on Mount Sinai
Israel on Mount Sinai [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you